Regardless of a presidential to rupture or otherwise, and compels the testify with respect to the action in reviewing as administrative officer what was done by an interior vote.
Do you have an opinion on that Mr. Gone? Yes, sir. Would you recite your opinion to the committee? My opinion, sir, is that the entire set up in the National Interest with the required, that they be summoned and required to answer.
I have to answer questions along these lines, and that they are role-be-teams, that administrative officer, and not that of a judge operating under a rule of law which do not exist for loyal people.
I think that is the chairman of that. That is all for the moment. That is just a welcome.
Before the next question is asked by the senators, and while we have the opportunity to vote. Mr. Cone, I would like to revert to our second.
Truthful.
Interrogation? What second?
To go back to the question that we have passed over, and you were correct, it should have committee and I will just repeat it for the record.
On meat suppress. On March 14, 1954, you answered a question of Mr. Bell by six.
The only great struggle we had with the Army about time when he was down at Fort Dick was pursuant to our arrangements that after his training was over, at the end of the day and over weekend, when he was doing no training, he would instead of recreational activities to vote himself to committee work.
The only purpose of any communication we had with the Army while he was at Fort Dick in the post is that statement of yours through or fall.
So that's the only word I might want to change as well to ask the discussions about the foot, six matter.
The only discussions we had about his training down at Fort Dick's was in connection with finishing up the subcommittee work.
Well, but is not as I read it directly from the transcript.
You mean on my meat, what I said? Yes, I mean as I read it.
Yes, with the amendment I suggest it's money, it's exactly correct.
You do want to amend instead of while I have it here, the voting itself to committee work, and that was the only purpose of any communication we had with the Army.
Now, when he won't change the wire, say while he was at to about.
I think I could do it.
While he was about Fort Dick? No, sir.
Now, when he was at and put in about.
So, the busy, where you had with the Army of Bob Fort Dick?
Yes, sir.
Oh, what's wrong with while he was at Fort Dick?
Well, because there was discussion, probably during that period of time about his assignment after basic training.
And having the next discussion would make what I said here inaccurate too.
So, you're modifying the answers to Mr. Bell as you have indicated.
Namely, you strike out while he was at and insert about.
I think that was good.
That statement then would be true as modified.
Yes, sir.
And so your answer as to the statement that is modified by you is that the statement is true.
Namely, for the last call around, I put to you the question and I stated again that I don't believe we quite finish it.
It is the statement that you made on the press on March 14th and answered to Jack Bell that you never used by super-tid language in your dealing with the Army officials.
Is that true or false?
In my opinion, Senator, the statement that I use by super-tid-ever has seen my images for.
As I've explained, as many times I can, I think the language I use is the same as anybody else uses it.
I might be an occasional word which I would not want to repeat on television.
Some of all words then would be my super-tid, wasn't it?
It's awfully hard to say.
What to me might not be by super-tid, so a very sensitive call might be by super-tid.
What to me might be by super-tid to somebody else who uses more of the person I do might be?
Well, it might be by super-tid.
Why does the behavior of the recipient of the language would you say that the behavior would indicate actions and agreement in the language?
Or would you say that the behavior indicated a rather aroused reaction of a statement?
Although I would say that Mr. Adams never seemed overly shocked at any kind of circumstances.
Well, I'll box the language used in the presence of Colonel Foulou and others.
Did he appear to be as real-born to it?
You mean about the incident at Fort Monmouth?
The now famous incident.
You mean about the left-community fin and the key bus?
That's right.
And my dear access to...
I had access by pretty quick, your favorite CFP icon.
Well, that now states there might be a difference.
I would not regard any of that as by super-tid or obscene language.
Would you say that it was strong and rather inflated language?
Well, let me.
Maybe a lot of what I've said is inflated, sir.
I know that might be strong, but I don't regard it as by super-tid.
Well, obscene.
You described it as sort of animated...
Sure.
...conversations.
Fine.
No obscene language should I use?
Well, sure.
I don't know if anything is intensified to it in this room, which I would call out to you, right?
No.
I thought some of it you didn't want on television.
Did I set up a month at that station?
Well, I mean, in court of all these transactions, I had understood this from your previous testimony,
and some of you wouldn't want to be seen on television.
I think that's right.
What I got at heart was that falling.
I might be over-cortured, then, it's there, but I...
I would want to use that.
I'm telling you.
Next question, Mr. Cohn.
In Mr. Adam's testimony, on May 12th, at 826-06, he has a record.
He stated that you, Mr. Cohn, said that when you heard that David Stein was liable to be sent overseas,
and I told,
Steven is blue as Secretary of the Army and the force.
Did you or did you not make that statement?
No, sir.
I'm sure I did not make that statement.
Is Mr. Adam testimony under oath that you did make that statement true or is it false?
Mr. Adam is mistaken, sir.
Now, what I mean is that the sentence down, I mean, that's why we're here.
I'm trying to pinpoint these different conventions.
Is Mr. Adam testimony what he made under oath that you didn't make that statement?
Is that statement true or is it false?
Mr. Adam is mistaken, sir.
You said when you used the word false, the connection with the Secretary's statute,
you're injecting elements of willfulness in ten, and things along those lines from a legal standpoint in which I can't pay it.
Well, I'm not asking you a question to give his state of mind.
That would be for a jury.
Yes, it is a side in the court.
So, all that we're trying to get here is the testimony.
And as you know, this testimony goes out for him as the owner's lawyer.
We have no responsibility to determine whether any statement is made.
For three medicated with intent or the dime to willfully tell the folks that's not our responsibility, yes sir.
Now, Mr. Adam testimony under oath that you did make that statement is a true or false.
I will say, sir, I did not make this statement that your Adam is mistaken if he said I did.
So, what you're saying, man, is that you don't not want to say that it's true or do you want to say that it's false?
Sir, I'm saying that when I am being put in a position of testing judgment on another human being's state of mind and worse in conduct,
that I can build it, tell you what happened and what my memory is.
The last call I am.
And tell you, sir, that I believe the administration that that was not said.
And I believe that that's a perfectly proper and appropriate answer to me to make.
Well, it's kind of hard for us that every time we get some flitching testimony with the court,
we're going to find the witness when they're up against the statement made by the other side.
I put these questions to the other principles and they answered a lot of them through or false.
Now, it means that if the opposite party to those interpretations are going to say, well, I won't say it's true.
I won't say it's false. I'll say that he was mistaken.
So, at least there's nowhere and there's no direct answer.
I don't want the lawyer, that is exactly the situation.
No, sir. I think you asked me on that point, possibly from people on the other side,
for a little bit of a careless, with some of those answers.
That's their responsibility. And if they have anyone to get some.
And I will not take the responsibility, no matter what my feelings about Mr. Adams or anyone else might be,
of being careless and testimony I give here.
I will tell you, sir, Mr. Adams is mistaken. That was not said.
Whether it's testimony is false and willfully false,
there's something which this committee will have to judge and will have to be judged elsewhere.
Well, I gave you some previous questions and you answered them through or false.
Why did this thing, sir?
I don't believe you had me saying the word full.
I can tell you what happened. I can tell you, it's Mr. Adams or Mr. Steven,
might be mistaken about something.
And I think you have a sure if I might respectfully suggest they very explain answer here.
But my testimony is I did not say it.
I cannot be more direct than that.
Well, I think the explain answer would be whether it is true or false.
And that's a matter for the record.
Mr. Adams went on to say, under oath,
had you also stated at that time when you heard that David Shine was liable to be sent overseas,
that and I told,
will arrest the Army, end of the foe.
Did you or did you not make the safe note?
He didn't make it.
Well, if Mr. Adams kept the money under oath,
if you did make that statement true or false,
if the Adam's testimony under oath that I made that statement is wrong,
it is mistaken, sir, it did not happen.
Period.
Well, well, I'm sorry, Jackson, perhaps the trouble is it.
I tried cases and courtrooms, I know that an answer such as that would be an improper one for a witness to give.
You mean it's improper for a witness to say one or a statement made by another person?
In their presence is true or false?
Yes, sir, I think it would be up to you.
What time?
What time of a courtrooms would that take place?
Well, sir, I guess maybe in those, perhaps, humble classrooms in which I tried some cases.
So a witness gives a statement of what happened and the jury decides whether the testimony,
which testimony is true and which testimony is false.
So a witness does not undertake to make that decision.
A witness does not make the decision to jury judge, but the witness can say whether a certain statement is true or whether it's false.
Right, sir.
I think you know the witness and it's for the jury to decide.
I am telling you as plainly as I can, sir, I did not make that statement.
When you go further and ask me, the reason is to Adam's mind in life of the Prajiri Statute,
and tell you whether or not he is committing Prajiri and deliberately and willfully making a false statement.
That's there is something which I don't believe I should be called upon to do here.
Well, you know that I'm not asking you to decide and here is good lawyer, whether Mr. Adam committing Prajiri.
I'm merely asking from you the testimony it's for a jury to decide is committing Prajiri.
Yes, sir.
And you do not want to answer it one way or the other, two or four.
I want to answer very definitely, sir, that I did not make the statement.
Well, then if you did not make the statement, the statement falls.
To the north, there are two possibilities.
Or either there is a deliberate lie.
Well, Mr. Adam is mistaken in error in what he told his committee.
It is not for me to decide which might be the case there.
You do not want to, in other words, I'll say anything you want me to, sir.
No, you're the one that's answering these questions.
I'm not asking you to say anything but what is the truth?
The truth, sir, I did not make the statement.
I did not make the statement, then it falls.
That's if Mr. Adam testified under oath that he did make the statement, that statement must be false, isn't it?
That might very well be your conclusion, sir, and I might very well agree with you.
What other conclusion?
You might, you might well agree with me.
Yes, sir.
You want a personal opinion from me, I would get that.
Oh, I wanted your testimony.
My testimony is I did not make the statement.
Well, I think the number is a bit short, sir.
Mr. Claw, you were quoted on March 14th, and I quote.
Throughout the patterns was that we wanted and everybody wanted, and I wanted,
but was coming to him, meaning, shot.
Nothing more, nothing less.
And I did not believe that he or anybody else on the committee used any kind of pressure
to get the army to bring this to fall.
Is this statement that you never use any kind of pressure on the army with reference to special treatment for a private David Shrine, who or fall?
I'm sorry.
It is my answer.
That's what I did not use.
Pressure in my opinion, sir, and the statement is true statement.
My statement is your answer, then, is that it's the true statement.
My answer is my statement is they true statement.
I read the countertops.
Mr. Claw, I wish to invite your attention to the statement of Secretary of Army, Seabem, and on page 22 of his statement.
It is it.
And on the fine memorandum, I remember the 17th fall for May's public March 12th by 100 in the morning.
States, there was that testimony in New York that I again suggest the committee to ask for the Canadian airport.
This is not true.
Oh, no.
You just have to find on the roll that this is true, that correct?
And then, reporting to the next page, Mr. Claw, and to the second paragraph, we say,
it is a thing to be to me, that this serious charge that I pledge to the chairman of this committee to investigate the Navy and the Air Force was kept secret so long.
Why should it only come to life?
Four months later, on the day after the Army's finalized the war event became public.
Yes sir.
Now why was that so?
That was so for the three of us.
Mr. Stevens and Mr. Adams were trying so very hard to find to get it to stop the investigation.
There was this suggestion made that we give some attention to the Navy and the Air Force and leave the Army alone for a while.
If you were to slide out with the mass-made public, sir, we have had other investigations that have been other instances in which people who were being investigated wanted us to stop and look elsewhere.
The thing was not that unusual, and I might say, sir, I did not feel, and I assume Senator McCrossy did not feel, that we had a run for help and thought yelling publicly and had a congressional investigation because Mr. Stevens and Mr. Adams wanted us to go someplace else without the thing.
We have to call on us at the time.
At the time, this statement was made by the secretary.
Did you consider that to be made in a serious way and to do so?
Yes, I think he was serious. He wanted us to just move away from his apartment and fill in any of the efforts.
Well, if you did take it seriously, don't you think that the putting major charge for our statement to be made by the secretary of the Army?
I have a strange thing to mention.
We didn't say that it didn't shock you a little bit.
It did not shock me particularly, sir.
I wonder if that takes some time to deal on a flight of Ludwig's media report on why?
It's a matter of time, and it doesn't matter if that's the case.
It doesn't matter if that's the case, and it doesn't matter if that's the case.
We have to have the only reason I have to decide if that's the case.
Showing you some television and make sure that I crack the corner of the room.
Tell them I can get a sign of the connection to the counter-hack.
Some of the rest of the security is washed out.
Okay, and the file.
And the only person, the only person that knew about this job made by the secretary of the Army.
That's a, it should grab through the airport from the Navy.
So you're self and send them a car to the military car?
No sir.
There were others.
Did any other members of the committee have this information?
I don't know that.
Did you, for your plan, did you bring it to the attention of other members of the committee?
It was not my plan for nothing.
I did not.
Did you think this was information that the committee should have?
Well, sir, I'm sure that the chairman of the committee would have given it to his colleagues.
It was not on my level to go to the members of the committee and give them that information.
Well, that is not the case.
At least I reported this conversation to the member of the committee.
I know I reported the account of the administration of the government from my apartment.
And I, I think I reported the other conversation.
And let my members, in a statement, I believe the first I heard about it was the meeting near office at the time that they were supposed to come off.
Now I'm, at the center as any battered to the conch, or I'd be glad to have it, but that's why I'm disappointed.
I wouldn't argue with the senator when I passed and I had a feeling that information at the time or at the port of the conversation of the senator Adams and my partner.
But if, if your memory is to the country, well, I'll try to find my area.
The more that the point I'm trying to establish is that if that's the time of the meeting of the nation,
if you considered a serious patient, you said it to him.
I would, I would do my part.
I think it's a, it's a probable point to have a secretary, one branch of the government, trying to undermine the,
the armed, the air force and maybe his, his calling service.
And the only thing that has at its point, me, as one member of the committee, that if you didn't consider that a secretary has been in the serious state,
that it is bringing to the, it wasn't boss of the pension of the commission.
I don't think it was my application. There's those.
I don't know.
Any time.
I'm sorry, my one member of the committee would agree to you.
But all of you, my man, I would say, this chairman, I have to leave the street story, but I will still have time.
The senator wants to take a lot of time.
And therefore I'd be glad to deal with it for whatever it got.
The senator just as you said, you're expecting a ten minute, he said, I'm expecting his now and there's after it. That's all that.
We have to help him.
That would be satisfaction to me, that's all I was glad to know for the yield and I can leave the senator's in his first case.
I have to send his voice, I can temper him and ask him to be next to him.
I recognize the senator's voice.
I have to hand it over to him.
And the senator's in the second case, he can be there after.
I have to send her if he could do it in five minutes. I appreciate it.
I think I can do it in two minutes.
I am very well.
And then I will be glad to yield back to the senator, the other time, to the day.
Well, for the term, I left the room as I told it to, I was and I called Mr. President Dayton and asked him what's the position of the Pentagon Laws in regards to receiving this information.
He said that they would be glad to accept the information.
He indicated that they wanted the information.
He said he had no objection at all.
He was having an official report of President take down everything to the side of the frame.
The material returned over to him.
He said that the apparently from this understanding he said last night, he wasn't aware of the requirements that the name was not the public nor that they were official.
He said that they were official report of President.
And I'm willing to take Mr. Seaton's word for that. I think he's the right truthful individual.
He talked to Mr. Driscoll with more news. Mr. Driscoll tells me that he said he was called back within a half an hour until her father and not say what his President had called back.
Mr. Seaton indicated that the right was not here on this family of the Congress.
There are some threats in the mind of the other I would be available and view of the hearing.
At the present time, the position of the defense department, I think, can be said of roughly and I said I have not been taken to too many television sets to make sure that I'm properly quoting.
I think their position is roughly this.
Number one, they want some names of any individual with a subverse of record, a record of counted activity that was working in defense plan that they will move promptly using the machinery which they have available.
There's a fact in only one question that may hold this up temporarily and I'm sure that we worked out Mr. Seaton pointed out that when I told him that we have this committee rule that we cannot make the name of any individual accused of wrongdoing public.
Unless an until, he is allowed to appear in public and deny the accusation and gives his version of the story.
When I pointed out Mr. Seaton that out of 130 people, even though their records in the case that they all have been active and communist work, the law of averages would indicate that certainly a few of them might be able to prove their innocence and that's why this committee has unanimously adopted a rule that the names of people not to be made public until they have a chance to appear personally in a public session.
He tells it in theory he would certainly agree with that but there was some question, his mind as a father and not that might highly handle the defense department in proceeding to investigate, expose the people.
I might say that Mr. Seaton and I had a completely friendly conversation. The only question is can they abide by our rule to keep all these names fixed at the same time perform their function of getting rid of these particular individuals.
We agreed before I came back up here to do the trial and worked that out. Later this afternoon it was impossible. Mr. Seaton said he expected to call me back to the next 10 or 15 minutes.
I say, do I understand that they still have a lot of problems now about receiving these 135 names?
I think the only problem that I can do is that the matter of making a public is the person who is inviting me to come to the room.
I told him I could not give them names. Why do they have to make a public?
I don't know. I told him that we have the rules but I have a chairman who cannot make any names in public until they appear in the rules.
The therefore I could not give them names unless they would treat themselves not to make a name public.
He said there was some fuss about being able to follow that rule without paying their hands and I can see they have some problems on them.
Senator why don't you suggest when they call back in 10 minutes that Mr. Seaton is certainly a very able newspaper man.
What I know of the best is very capable public information man might not be wise to suggest to him.
I know you want to be fair. Thank you.
I have to defend someone up here and explain when he has an opportunity to do it before millions of Americans citizens explain why all this delay in receiving 135 names.
I don't know of a better opportunity for my I think when I stand in the Pentagon if there are a lot of people watching this.
I think in turn is to first week when I should say that when he talked to my office at 10 30 this morning.
Well my secretary and whom I got asked of Tom told me that she was assured that she would receive a return call with a half an hour.
So she would know whether or not someone coming from the Pentagon received the information during the new hour.
Mr. Seaton said that the record not his understanding of the conversation that he did not know when I would be free when I was available.
And I am willing to accept that explanation.
I just sincerely hope that my friends in the Pentagon can work out some stuff and whereby this information will be received by them and acted upon at the very earliest opportunity.
Also, I think that the chairman is a little more than two minutes.
We are very much determined that I have some fairly hope that within the next 24 hours this committee will need permission.
The chairman of the Permanence and Vets Committee will proceed to hold hearings in the evening and Saturday.
So we can put these individuals on the stand and bring out the facts.
It's just too dangerous for situations to have existing I believe.
And it's shared by how much time and the Senate and the Constitution should be.
Will the Secretary hear while we'll find out the live?
I will be glad to have him.
I'll be back after the meeting.
The Secretary will be here in a minute.
The chairman is coming.
The Secretary is coming.
The Secretary of Parliament is coming from the House of the Legion.
There are only three minutes left.
If you will hold until he is through, I'd appreciate it.
Before Senator Simington starts questioning, let's return to our studio to cross the street.
I'd recommend that we have a formal implementation since the Secretary's seat and find out what this is all about.
Now, the next thing is that I'd like to ask the witness back on his charges.
And the question of loyal leaders to me become a very important matter.
I believe our greatest heritage is that we have a government of law and not a men.
Mr. Cohn, I'd like to ask, understand you agree that the names of informants in your files, the committee files, or a top secret that you will not reveal.
Is that correct?
I don't believe that the names of informants should be revealed, sir.
When you say, will not, it's a question of whether or not I would have paid direction to this committee and I would have paid any direction.
I would certainly have paid any direction which is carried to you.
Do you not believe they should be revealed?
No, sir.
You agreed that no power on Earth would get you to reveal the names of informants unless you would call the do so by the committee?
I would certainly be in a sorry uncomfortable position, sir, if I were ordered by this committee.
I can't believe the committee of a widow out of me to make public names of loyal people who have furnished information on Communists.
I didn't say make money.
I said reveal the names of the committee.
Any person who are committee informants or I would reveal those names to the committee.
Yes, sir.
Do you plan a majority board of the committee?
If you had informants that you would reveal that name, you would have said a majority board of the committee and I should have asked you to do it.
Yes, sir. If I were committee informants.
Suppose that one of the committee assistants in his own on his judgment decided that the name of informants has classified secret material.
Should be said either to the attorney general or the one of the judges on this committee.
And he did so.
But do you think he was justified in doing so, sir?
Yes, sir.
I didn't get that.
Suppose that one of the committee assistants against the wishes or instructions of the committee and his own on his judgment decided that the name of informants has classified secret material.
Should be said either to the attorney general or the one of the judges on this committee.
And this, sir, will you think he was justified in doing so?
Can you say that very well?
Yes, sir.